Add software engineering manager to Careers page (#963)
cmu-delphi/www-main: content/about/careers/headless/2024-4-software-engineering-manager.md

---
date: 2024-04-16
title: Software Engineering Manager
---

> We seek a talented engineering manager capable of translating organizational goals between the executive and engineering teams, supporting, and mentoring technical staff, and providing strong, lightly held opinions for technical guidance.

Reviewer: That phrase is (IMNSHO) a cliche thats confusing and/or easily mis-interpretable, and its intent should be obvious to anyone with a scientific mind.  Would you accept this instead?
```suggestion
We seek a talented engineering manager capable of translating organizational goals between the executive and engineering teams, supporting, and mentoring technical staff, and providing sage yet flexible opinions for technical guidance.
```

Author: 👍
